Right? Maybe you're thanking him too much.
That's right, hot pot needs a lot of people to eat together to be happy.
You can call Yeon Yeon together.
OK, I'll call him, eat well first.
Zhang Lin, a little piece of trash, let's go out and have a look.
Okay, don't worry about him.
My sister and I ate hot pot in the old place.
How long has it been since we got together, do you want to come?
It's too late, Van Phu worries that it's not safe to go out at night.
Don't let me go out
Eat yourselves.
Alo Alo
Tell him he's afraid to go out at night.
He's safe not to come.
Right?
Then it's okay, we'll eat ourselves.
This would rather change now for real.
Talk about him every day like a kiss.
It is boring to be afraid of others not knowing how much this fiancé loves him.
Every time.
Someone remembers.
That's good.
Who am I?
I'm bleeding, right?
Uh, it's you.
Bloody married, you know.
what do you say
Out he's married.
Well, do you know his name, the man who just got married?
Why would he lie?
Uncle Snow, he's not married.
He could be joking.
Well, you've got to find him.
Ok, I'll give you the address.
Other people can't catch you.
Then let's see how you handle that bloodsucker.